README.md, before:

# ROS_acomms_project
A ROS package for handling wireless communication of ROS topic publish commands via arbitrary communication mediums.

ROSAcomms provides a commandline tool that takes a topic name and type and a message and parses it to a standard form suitable for wireless transmission. As ROSAcomms is intended to be for sending messages between two unconnected ROS systems, another parser is provided for the receiving ROS system to tur the standard form message back into a form used by ROS. For sending and receiving the standard form message, modem driver programmes are required.

![](/assets/Systemdiagram.drawio.png?raw=true "System Diagram")


## Direction for use
### Required Packages
Please ensure you have the [***rospy_message_converter***](https://github.com/uos/rospy_message_converter)

### Usage



## Notes
Could see about using `TopicType, topic_str, _ = rostopic.get_topic_class('/some/topic')` to accuire the topic type and message (also succeeds in part of the requirements for the interface bewteen the exsiting system and the new code), currently `type(topic_type)` retuns a long string with additional characters that is not needed and returning it back to an object maybe tricky. __Not needed in the end__

`message_class = roslib.message.get_message_class(message_type)`
`message = message_class()`

Acoustics driver needs to packet information being sent. Look up the packeting from the Hydromea. My driver might packet it anyway.

Look again at ros_serial & ros_bridge

socat -d -d pty,raw,echo=0 pty,raw,echo=0

discuss try/catch in decompressing incoming msgs

Commit message:

readme is pretty much up-to-date for the current version of ROSAcomms

README.md, after:

# ROS_acomms_project
A ROS package for handling wireless communication of ROS topic publish commands via arbitrary communication mediums.

ROSAcomms provides a commandline tool that takes a topic name and type and a message and parses it to a standard form suitable for wireless transmission. As ROSAcomms is intended to be for sending messages between two unconnected ROS systems, another parser is provided for the receiving ROS system to tur the standard form message back into a form used by ROS. For sending and receiving the standard form message, modem driver programmes are required.

![](/assets/Systemdiagram.drawio.png?raw=true "ROSAcomms System Diagram")


## Direction for use
### Required Packages
Please ensure you have the [***rospy_message_converter***](https://github.com/uos/rospy_message_converter)

### Usage
The correct drivers need to be running before a message can be sent. Two drivers are already provided:
Hydromea LUMA 250LP -> optical communication
Nanomodem v3 -> acoustic communication
These drivers may be used for other modems of the same communication medium, however if custom drivers are needed please see the __Adding Custom Drivers__ section for how to do this.

The receiver parser uses a default modem provided to its launch file via the config file. When changing the modem being used the modem in the config file needs to be set to the correct one. The receiver parser can be launched using:
`$ roslaunch rosacomms receiver.launch`

Once the drivers and the receiver parser are running, messages can be sent between the two ROS systems. Using the commandline tool the system can be provided with the information for the desired topic to be published to and the rosmessage containing the required data.
To publish using the default modem:
`$ rosacomms pub topic\_name topic\_type message`
To publish using a non-default modem use the device (-d) option:
`$ rosacomms pub topic\_name topic\_type message -d modem\_name`

### Adding Custom Drivers
To add custom divers to ROSAcomms, the config file needs to be updated with the name of the modem. In the `if/else` block in `rosacomms_pub()` in _/src/rosacomms/\_\_init\_\_.py_ a new device option for the new modem's name needs to be added othrwise the modem will not be recognised. This option allows the commandline tool to publish to the correct topic that the new sender driver uses.


## User Notice
ROSAcomms is intended to be open-source. Please use as required. Feedback and questions are welcomed.


## Development Notes
`message_class = roslib.message.get_message_class(message_type)`
`TopicType, topic_str, _ = rostopic.get_topic_class('/some/topic')`
socat -d -d pty,raw,echo=0 pty,raw,echo=0
